hey you guys it's Adrienne and it's kami
one ski and say hey hey you guys might
be a little low
um so you know but my will you please
journey lever I am writing four thousand
views
I started March 31st uh April April May
June this is gonna be my third month so
a little bit over two months almost
three months and right at four thousand
views some averaging a little bit over
two thousand you use a month oh now I'm
really rolling rolling rolling um
people always talk about sponsored
sponsorships YouTube sponsors and all
that good stuff
I have my first sponsor well I'm
sponsored channel now um I don't know if
it's a good thing or a bad thing
and I decided to go ahead and get
sponsored follow up on my sponsor and
see how that plays out I hear a lot of
negative things about it but it's not
contracted I can notify them and counsel
at any time um so we will definitely be
checking it out trying to see how it is
trying to get my song in the arm I don't
know if I see now tonight I'm trying not
to get my sign in it this is my little
one it's time to go hair done she's
upset she's upset with mommy say I'm
upset with mommy
mmm-ma she's a big baby extremely school
yeah if you have a child in there the
only child try not to spoil them too
much like Oh war so I'm working on that
my fault
I'm working on that
oh it was very good
whoa my khatma nice and everybody's well
so yeah like I said I am get sponge it
now I'm sponsor Channel I don't know if
it's a good thing a faster let me tell
y'all a wipe with the sponsor so I
applied back after I found out about
sponsors I apply it back I applied a
little while ago
Oh probably about six weeks ago I'm
fairly new about to a little bit over
two months yeah
so I applied like four to six weeks out
and I'm applying I when I anything back
from them I contacted them I emailed
them probably like two weeks ago um I
apply about two weeks ago I mean I you
know them about two weeks ago right let
me tell y'all what happened because I
don't have 4,000 views yet today or
tomorrow I'll have 4,000 to use I'm on
begin like 4 to 500 views a week I'm
getting about 140 views every two days
not a big channel I have a few
subscribers a few faithful subscribers
thank you guys for watching once again
um my thing with the sponsor so I
applied no response back okay
sorry no attack today we got you Melanie
that cool cool cool cool
thank you you know saying that I asked
me for a screenshot of my page make sure
everything was G I'll have no strikes
know that so I get his home ok they
check out my page they get my
information all that stuff I gave it
soon they email me back and says you
don't have 10,000 views
ah okay I understand it some denied this
I thought was about they said reapply
when you get 2,000 views well okay we
got like two more months or whatever so
I didn't really apply but that was about
super weeks ago about two weeks ago so I
see something in my thing last night
like congratulations da da da ji please
submit um
inquiry because they have to actually
send the request to link up the YouTube
thing and whatever and I have the
acceptance so they can walk me through
the acceptance program process so I go
along I want to accepted it because it's
not contracted and I think I had you
know what it's not contracted I've never
been a sponsor I've never had anything I
don't have anything to lose I'm really
not making money yet um everybody talks
about the negatives of being sponsored
there's some positives too but I've
never done it this is my first time
doing it I want to have the experience
for myself and seeing that it's not
contracted by the side hey I don't want
to do this anymore goodbye so I got my
first sponsor thank you
um so with that being said I'm a
sponsored channel and I mean it's
nothing big I'm not going out my way I'm
still gonna be doing my videos like I
want to do it just make sure you know
all you two rooms so um that and then
responsive and you guys I was I thought
I was crazy
ten thousand views I understand that and
I understand but I had applied I said
they had denied me and then I know what
a sponsor anyway so that was kind of
crazy to me
but the next thing is my analytics so
the first thing I noticed because I
check my analytics almost every day my
revenues was not on my YouTube analytics
but it's not my sponsor analytics yet
either and I think it says 48 to 72
hours so hosel there yeah dimes pennies
whatever she's being silly behind me I'm
like I can see her but pennies or
whatever coming in is not much money I
don't know why people these big people
on YouTube I was like you're gonna make
billions of dollars like just do this it
doesn't work that way a lot of hard work
but I actually wanted to do my youtube
channel it's bland motivating for me it
keeps me on track I get off sometimes
but they do keep me on track
um teach me healthy and happy y'all I
don't know if y'all watch my videos on
one specific video that I talked about
I'll leave it up but I got some question
marks on it from YouTube was me when I
was depressed and I was depressed and
suicidal before so my youtube channel
means a lot to me and like I said it's
gonna be more like vlogging just talking
about stuff I'm not kind of boring
though so like if I do something y'all
will see it but I haven't done so much I
was gonna do like I thought about a
whole dozen on me
I'm not getting off what I do one one
day I may do one or whatever but I went
shopping Fillion yesterday and guys and
stuff I was gonna show y'all or take out
shopping with me I'm like that's too
much I won't do that right now I'm still
fairly new I still just want to get to
know my subscribers and let them
actually get to know me but yeah I just
came in to talk about sponsors being a
new being new they say sponsors can be
good or bad after I get the experience
I'll actually review or - Yamaha
my two cents on being sponsored I don't
know yet
I don't know how I feel about it like I
said it's my contractor so why not give
it a try
that's my two cents y'all probably have
more experience the people that's
actually been with YouTube for a while
y'all have more experience than I do so
if you have any ideas or suggestions
comments please leave them about being
sponsored I'm a small Channel I'm new I
have a lot of small followers you know
shots my youtube sisters love you guys
um so just drop a comment let us know I
let shelf out you guys know as I find
out anything
um that's about it if you haven't
watched I got one friend in video like
most people most of my other videos are
between 40 to 100 views that's another
thing if you're a small Channel
you only got twenty twenty-five news on
one video you guys in all honesty until
you like that big youtuber with the
million subscribers or a hundred
thousand subscribers all your videos are
gonna be like here in this you might
have one or two videos a trillion that's
what I've noticed I've done my research
on that some people have 30,000 views on
one video the rest is a video like zero
but anyways I was just coming in as a
new youtuber youtuber youtuber small
youtuber - small youtuber just my two
cents think I know what's going on with
Ari
um make sure you like share subscribe
hit the notification bell if you haven't
I keep and keep up with me you guys I'm
keeping up with child
I don't watch videos everyday I'm now
gonna hopefully I'm not gonna lie to
y'all I don't watch videos every day but
I do have my specific days I'm back in
school
so not sunday is my Tuesdays nice
editors have
work through those days so my specific
days are in-between they're like
sometimes Monday is very really some
Sundays after church I have a little
time before I start doing classwork I
might and I actually watched videos if
they get boring to me I let them roll on
out so that person can have a full view
there are nine times that I don't fully
complete a video and like it now for
something that's just really BS I'm not
gonna like it but I still give them the
full view
once again I thank you guys for watching
me he be easy